ENH Add `keep_going` parameter to `micropip.install()` (#1976)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/project/changelog.md

- {{Fix}} micropip now raises error when installing non-pure python wheel directly from url.
  {pr}`1859`

> - {{Enhancement}} micropip.install() now accepts `keep_going` parameter that, if set to True,
>   make micropip report all identifiable dependencies that don't have pure Python wheels when
>   installation has failed.

Reviewer: Minor improvement,

```suggestion
- {{Enhancement}} {func}`micropip.install` now accepts a `keep_going` parameter. If set to True,
  micropip reports all identifiable dependencies that don't have pure Python wheels, instead of
  failing after processing the fist one.
```
